---
title: Special Programmes
permalink: /college/academic-programmes/special-programmes/
variant: markdown
description: ""
third_nav_title: Academic Programmes
---
**Art Elective Programme**

The Art scene at Hwa Chong Institution has historically been graced by Singaporean greats. Pioneer artists Liu Kang, Chen Wen Hsi, and Lim Hak Tai, just to name a few, have all taught at the school. Today, their legacy lives on in our Art Elective Programme (AEP). The AEP nurtures talented, young artists into future cultural leaders, advocates and scholars who can contribute to the nation’s cultural capital in the areas of fine art, design and new media. AEP students are encouraged to pursue their passions and constantly innovate, developing their creative, conceptual and analytical thinking in the process. It is a journey that will expand their thinking, fuel imagination and transform the way they look at themselves and the world around them. 

As part of their enriched learning experiences, they will participate collaboratively with AEP students from other AEP centres through customized workshops, visit art exhibitions, museums, and other well-known art shows, attend workshops held by current practicing artists and participate in AEP exhibitions.

These results culminate in the recognition that Hwa Chong AEP students are consistent frontrunners in prestigious competitions such as the UOB Painting of the Year award, as well as leading contenders in being conferred scholarships from the Media Development Authority, Urban Redevelopment Authority and other ministries. 

**Bicultural Studies Programme**

Hwa Chong Institution was one of the pioneer schools in Singapore to offer the Bicultural Studies Programme back in 2005. Students in the programme not only acquire an in-depth understanding of China-related topics, but also attend immersion trips that hone their bicultural sensibility and equip them with the necessary skills sets to traverse Chinese and Western cultures. The BSP curriculum in secondary school requires students to study Chinese history and contemporary Chinese society. After entering Junior College, while it is compulsory for BSP scholars selected at Secondary 3 entry point to study H2 China Studies in Chinese, non-BSP scholars can also choose to apply for the Bicultural Studies Programme at the Junior College entry point and study the subject. Students who study H2 China Studies in Chinese will study contemporary China’s economy, politics, society and diplomacy. They are also required to write a 4000-word Independent Study research paper on a China-related topic in JC2. In addition, the Ministry of Education also arranges Bicultural Studies Seminars for JC students to participate every year.

**Chinese Language Elective Programme**

In 1990, Hwa Chong Institution (College) became one of two schools in Singapore to introduce the Chinese Language Elective Programme (CLEP). The CLEP aims to nurture bilingual talents with cross-cultural and critical thinking skills, and a deep appreciation of the Chinese cultural heritage. Through drama-based and differentiated teaching, along with personalised and collaborative online learning, Hwa Chong CLEP students will have the opportunity to participate in a series of activities, including workshops, learning journeys, research and publications, thus enabling them to gain a deeper understanding of language and literature. Over the past three decades, the programme has made an impact on aspiring youths who love Chinese language and literature, as they graduate from the school with fond memories. Having gone on to pursue their studies at prestigious universities in China, the United Kingdom, the United States, Japan, and Australia, many CLEP graduates are now serving pivotal roles in the fields of education, culture, media, judiciary, diplomacy, finance and economics, as well as politics.

**Computing Talent Program**

The Hwa Chong Computing Talent Programme (CTP) aims to nurture future architects and leaders with global literacy, morals and values in the computing profession. Students in the programme will not only experience the latest developments in various fields of technology, but also attend learning journeys and immersion trips to learn about the ecosystem locally and abroad. The core curriculum creates an authentic learning experience, encouraging students to become critical thinkers and innovators in designing solutions to complex problems, and passionate collaborators in communicating and presenting solutions. Seeking to nurture the next generation of thinkers with deep expertise in the field, a wide range of activities will include courses conducted both by university professors and industry experts from national agencies. Amongst these varied activities, hands-on group projects and internship opportunities will also expose students to a variety of computer applications and real world knowledge. Hwa Chong students enrolled under the CSP will need to study H2 Computing.

**Humanities Programme (HP)**

As the first institution chosen by the Ministry of Education in 1980 for the Humanities Scholarship Programme (HSP), Hwa Chong has established and maintained its position as a leading centre for successful applications to top universities around the world. One of the key sources of this success are the HSP tutors who are specialists in their fields and are also experienced in providing advice on university placement and scholarships. Through an informal yet rigorous teaching style, our tutors encourage open discussions and intellectual exploration beyond the confines of the syllabus so that individuals become independent and driven self-directed learners. Each year, our Scholars gain admission to top universities in the United Kingdom, the United States and around the world including France, Germany, Australia, Canada, Japan and China. To date, well over 400 alumni have graduated from Oxford and Cambridge alone. Closer to home, we see increased enrolments in Yale-NUS, NUS, SMU and NTU. Over half of the students gain scholarships to study overseas or in Singapore.

**Science and Math Talent Programme (SMTP)**

The Hwa Chong SMTP programme aims to provide an integrated, enriched and stimulating environment  
for high achieving Science and Mathematics learners. With numerous opportunities for passion-focused  
activities, higher level academic pursuits and other scholastic endeavours, the programme seeks to develop students who can think critically and communicate confidently. The Core Curriculum in SMTP is to ENRICH by broadening the learning experience, ACCELERATE by providing the right pace for high ability students and EXTEND by deepening the learning through higher order thinking processes in the Science and Mathematics subjects they read. Pedagogies used aim to develop students' skills in critical thinking, communication and inculcate independent and lifelong learning. The Elective Curriculum is an extension curriculum that serves to excite, enhance and expose students to a wide variety of fields in STEM and beyond.

**HCI Centre for Science Research & Talent Development **

The HCI Centre for Science Research & Talent Development (CenTaD) provides exciting opportunities for HCI students to engage in cutting-edge research. Every year, over 120 students are involved in overseas and local attachments, mentorship programmes and science research project work. With established working relationships alongside a number of overseas and local research institutions such as faculties in the National University of Singapore (NUS), colleges in Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore University of Technology and Design (SUTD), Research Institutes from A\*STAR as well as research arms of Defence Science Agencies, HCI students can expect to undertake challenging and rewarding research opportunities.  CenTaD Research Projects are open to all JC1 HCI students who will undertake a research project for about a year to work in any capacity agreed upon by the participating companies, research laboratories and the College. They will be mentored by research scientists from the external organizations as well as by their teachers from the College.