---
title: 评估与升级标准
permalink: /high-school/assessment-n-promotion/
variant: markdown
description: ""
---
##### <center>ASSESSMENT &amp; PROMOTION CRITERIA<br>Updated 16 Jan 2023</center>

At Hwa Chong, students are encouraged to take responsibility for their own learning. This is reflected in our comprehensive assessment modes designed to promote independent and inter-dependent learning. Hwa Chong students would thus be better equipped to become leaders and lifelong learners.

The Hwa Chong curricula include components like Oral Communication (OC) for S1-4 and Project Work (PW) for S2-4 students. Oral Communication encourages students to participate actively in discussions during lessons and evaluates students’ ability to do so. Project Work assess students on the quality of their research which encourages active inquiry and intellectual rigour. It also directs students towards independent learning and purposeful reading and reasoning. These alternative/authentic modes of assessment make up our scholastic assessments, and are complemented by academic assessments, which prepare students for the requirements of the GCE Advanced Level Examinations in College 2 (i.e. JC2).

There are two types of academic assessments in HCI: formative and summative. Students are engaged in active learning through the use of learning tasks that include pop quizzes, diagnostic tests, authentic tasks etc. Feedback from these formative assessments provide teachers with an indicator of the students’ ability so that teaching and learning activities can be designed according to students’ needs. Summative assessments take the form of common tests or class tests and examination. These summative assessments consolidate students’ learning and indicate their mastery of various subjects. Scores from the summative assessments contribute to the students grades.

We believe the above assessment protocol measures students’ general ability, depth and range of thinking, communication skills and level of passion for a particular discipline.

Every Hwa Chong student is important. The school provides a caring environment that is intellectually stimulating and secure. Students who require more support may be placed in a structured learning environment, under the care of highly experienced teachers.&nbsp; Where it is in the best interest of the students, these individuals may embark on the academic route and take the Singapore–Cambridge GCE O-Level Examinations. This is to broaden their academic options beyond secondary school.