---
title: Academic Programmes College
permalink: /college/academic-programmes-college/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p><strong>Information for 2023 JC1 students (updated Sep 2022)</strong></p><p>The Revised JC curriculum was implemented in 2006. Click&nbsp;<strong><a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/post-secondary/a-level-curriculum-and-subject-syllabuses" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a></strong>&nbsp;to find out more about the revised A-Level curriculum framework (H1, H2 &amp; H3) and subject requirements.</p><p>Click&nbsp;<strong><a href="https://www.seab.gov.sg/home/examinations/gce-a-level/a-level-syllabuses-examined-for-school-candidates-2022" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a></strong> &nbsp;to find out the syllabus for different subjects.</p><p><strong>When choosing subject combination, you should consider the following:</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong>Aptitude &amp; Strength (Arts or Science?)</strong></p></li><li><p><strong>What are the pre- requisite subjects (to be taken at JC) for the university course/faculties that you are interested in?</strong></p></li></ul><p><strong>The links below provide a summary of pre-requisites for the various courses / admission requirements at the local universities (NUS, NTU, SMU &amp; SUTD)</strong></p><p><strong><a href="http://www.nus.edu.sg/oam/apply-to-nus/A-levels-admissions-req-to-NUS.html" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">NUS's Courses Pre-requisites</a></strong><br><strong><a href="https://www3.ntu.edu.sg/oad2/website_files/alevel/min_subject_requirements.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">NTU's Courses Pre-requisites</a></strong><br><strong><a href="http://admissions.smu.edu.sg/admissions-requirements/singapore-cambridge-gce-a-level" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">SMU's Courses Pre-requisites</a></strong><br><strong><a href="http://www.sutd.edu.sg/Admissions/Undergraduate/Application/Admissions-Requirements/Singapore-Cambridge-GCE-A-Level" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">SUTD's Admission Requirements</a></strong></p><p><strong>* Students considering an overseas education may use the local university pre-requisites as a guide or check the respective overseas universities’ websites for admission information.</strong></p><p><strong>Links to the 'indicative grade point' for admission to courses in NUS, NTU and SMU are provided below. Based on 3H2 and 1H1 with GP and PW set at grade C.</strong></p><p><strong><a href="http://www.nus.edu.sg/oam/gradeprofile/sprogramme-igp.html" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Indicative Grade point for NUS</a></strong><br><strong><a href="https://www.ntu.edu.sg/admissions/undergraduate/indicative-grade-profile" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Indicative Grade point for NTU</a></strong><br><strong><a href="https://admissions.smu.edu.sg/admissions-requirements/indicative-grade-profile" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Indicative Grade point for SMU</a></strong></p><p><strong><a href="/files/a_level_subjects_info_for_2023_jc_1_final_16_sep22_c094b530ad.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Subjects Information &amp; Pre-requisities for 2023 JC 1</a></strong> Updated Info&nbsp;Sep 2022! <br><strong><a href="/files/special_programme_2023_jan_2b1fa41cce.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Information on Special Programmes in Hwa Chong</a></strong> Updated Info&nbsp;Jan 2023!</p><p><strong>A)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; MOE Special Programmes</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Humanities Programme (HP)</p></li><li><p>Language Elective Programme (Chinese) (LEP)</p></li><li><p>Art Elective Programme (AEP)</p></li><li><p>Bicultural Studies Programme (Chinese) (BSP)</p></li></ul><p><strong>B)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Hwa Chong Special Programme</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Science &amp; Math Talent Programme (SMTP)</p></li><li><p>Gifted And Talented Education Programme (GATE)</p></li><li><p>Computing Talent Programme (CTP)</p></li></ul><p><strong><a href="/files/hci_college_standard_subject_combinations_for_2023_jan_jc_1_final_ee1e16480e.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Proposed List of Standard Subject Combinations for 2023 JC 1</a></strong> Updated Info&nbsp;Jan 2023!</p><p>Please note that the list of subject combinations above is subjected to change. The list is NOT indicative of subject combinations that would be offered.</p><p>During selection, JC 1 students will be able to indicate two choices of subject combinations from the standard list. Students are allowed to replace any subject offered in the combinations above with H2 Art or H2 Foreign Language, provided that two conditions are met.</p><p>The two conditions are:<br>1 ) one of the content subjects is contrasting and; <br>2 ) the respective subject requirements / pre-requisites are satisfied.</p><p>In addition, students can also put in an Odd Subject Combination choice (i.e. for subject combination not found in the standard list).</p><p>Note: In addition to taking the above subjects, ALL students are required to take H1 General Paper (GP) and Project Work (PW). H2 Knowledge &amp; Inquiry (KI) is taken in lieu of GP.</p><p>JAE students are only allowed to offer subject combinations in the stream they are posted.</p><p><strong><u>Contact Us</u></strong></p><p>For&nbsp;<strong><u>general enquiries with regard to subjects and subject combinations (for 2023 JC 1 (Yr 5)</u></strong>, please email:&nbsp;<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">enquiryC1@hci.edu.sg</a></p><p>For <strong><u>enquiries with regard to Special Programmes,</u></strong> please email:</p><p>• Mr Benjamin Hathaway:&nbsp;<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">benjaminhw@hci.edu.sg</a>&nbsp;for Humanities Programme (HP)<br>• Mr Hong Wee Seng Jeffrey:&nbsp;<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">hongws@hci.edu.sg</a>&nbsp;for Language Elective Programme (LEP)<br>• Mr Lim Jun Hong:&nbsp;<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">limjh@hci.edu.sg</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;for Art Elective Programme (AEP)<br>•&nbsp;Mr Hong Wee Seng Jeffrey:&nbsp;<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">hongws@hci.edu.sg</a>&nbsp;for Bicultural Studies Programme (BSP)<br>• Mrs Phee-Tan Peh Ling:&nbsp;<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">tanpl@hci.edu.sg</a>&nbsp;or Ms Wang Yitian:&nbsp;<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">wangyt@hci.edu.sg</a>&nbsp;for Science and Mathematics Talent Programme (SMTP) and for Gifted And Talented Education Programme (GATE)<br>• Mr Ng Say Tiong:&nbsp;<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ngst@hci.edu.sg</a>&nbsp;or Ms Yu Qian:&nbsp;<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">yuqian@hci.edu.sg</a>&nbsp;for Computing Talent Programme (CTP)</p><p>For <strong><u>enquiries with regard to specific subjects,</u></strong> please email:</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>General Paper / English Literature</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mrs Chan-Lim Yin Shin</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">limys@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Project Work</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mdm Tan Keng Hwee</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">tankh@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chinese (CL, CLL, CSC, TRC)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Hong Wee Seng Jeffrey</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">hongws@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mathematics</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Ng Say Tiong</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ngst@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Economics</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Ms Lee Qing Fen Cheryl</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">leeqf@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Biology</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mrs Foo-Lam Woon Keat</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">foowk@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chemistry</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mrs Cheng-Liau Ming Lee</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">liauml@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Physics</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Tang Koon Loon</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">tangkl@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Knowledge &amp; Inquiry (KI)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Tan Wah Jiam</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">tanwj@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>English Language &amp; Linguistics (ELL)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mdm Madihah Bte Mahmood</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">madihah@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Geography</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mrs Chua-Ngui Li Young</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">nguily@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>History</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Ong Hong Chin Ian</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ianong@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Art</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Lim Jun Hong</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">limjh@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Computing</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Ms Yu Qian</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">yuqian@hci.edu.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>Note: Responses to enquiries in the month of December may be delayed due to the school holidays.</p><p><strong>Subjects Offered</strong></p><p><strong>Economics</strong></p><p>The Economics Unit in Hwa Chong comprises a team of dynamic professionals dedicated to the teaching of Economics as a life subject. Economics is not just a collection of facts but a unified approach to thinking about the world. The theory of Economics is an apparatus of the mind or a technique of thinking which helps us make rational decisions. With these requirements in mind, the Economics Unit provides a rigorous course to equip students with the skills necessary for economics awareness and competence. This course imparts both intellectual as well as citizenship training through a well-planned syllabus to promote understanding of the very processes and issues that affect their lives as citizens and students. In addition, Economics Exco was set up to expose students to a range of enriching experiences such as participation in nation-wide competitions, publication of newsletters and trips to overseas to EU and Universities for Summer Programmes. The greatest reward of this course is a better understanding of how the world works.</p><hr><p><strong>Geography</strong></p><p>Geography is the study of Earth’s landscapes, peoples, places and environments...<br>bridging the social sciences with the natural sciences... and puts [the] <br>understanding of social and physical processes within the context of places and regions...<br>[Geography] helps us all to be more socially and environmentally sensitive, informed and responsible citizens...<br><strong>Royal Geographical Society (with the Institute of British Geographers)</strong></p><p>The approach to Geography teaching and learning in Hwa Chong has evolved through the years due to the changing demands of the syllabus and the growing interest amongst the students in the subject. As Geography is an applied discipline, praticisng geographers should be able to make direct contributions to society. Being highly dynamic, the subject constantly seeks to heighten our awareness of the world. It introduces the processes operative in physical and human geography and draws links to how these are relevant to the current social, economic, political and environmental situation.&nbsp; Hence, with these attributes in mind, the syllabus seeks to encourage students to:</p><p>1 . be inspired by the splendour of natural environments and human ingenuity;<br>2 . care for delicate ecosystems and understand the importance of environmentally sustainable lifestyles; <br>3 . develop as global citizens, seek harmony and respect others in a culturally diverse world; <br>4 . contribute responsibly towards the building of a robust and inclusive society; and <br>5 . have the integrity to uphold ethical principles and be resilient in their pursuit for a better world.</p><p>These aims are achieved through the study of the main Themes in the H2 Geography syllabus:<br>Theme 1 : Tropical Environments <br>Theme 2 : Development, economy and the Environment <br>Theme 3 : Sustainable Development <br>Theme 4 : Geographical Investigation</p><p>At Hwa Chong, we also aim to develop students with a global perspective, imbued with the spirit of inquiry and empathy which would enable them to respond to on-going changes. Tutors actively integrate critical thinking and problem-solving skills into content learning. They facilitate experiential learning to promote creativity and make Geography come alive. IT is also employed to enhance learning.&nbsp; These emphases are in line with the&nbsp;<strong>Desired Outcomes of Education (DOE)</strong>. Upon completion of their formal education, Geography students should emerge as a/an:</p><p>1 .&nbsp;<strong>confident person</strong>&nbsp;who has a strong sense of right and wrong, is adaptable and resilient, knows himself/herself, is discerning in judgement, thinks independently and critically, and communicates effectively; <br>2 .&nbsp;<strong>self-directed learner</strong>&nbsp;who questions, reflects, perseveres and takes responsibility for his/her own learning;<br>3 .&nbsp;<strong>active contributor</strong>&nbsp;who is able to work effectively in teams, is innovative, exercises initiative, takes calculated risks and strives for excellence; and <br>4 .&nbsp;<strong>concerned citizen</strong>&nbsp;who is rooted to Singapore, has a strong sense of civic responsibility, is informed about Singapore and the world, and takes an active part in bettering the lives of others around him/her.</p><p>One key area that has gained prominence is the adoption of fieldwork in the study of Geography. Local field studies and overseas field trips are conducted each year in connection with topics covered during the course.&nbsp; These are efforts made to address the requirements of the theme on Geographical Investigation.&nbsp; All students will embark on detailed studies of both physical and human phenomena such as flooding and activities involving transnational corporations.&nbsp;</p><p>The syllabus for H1 and H2 Geography can be found below:<br><a href="http://www.hci.edu.sg/uploadfile/admission/8813_2018.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">H1 Geography&nbsp;syllabus</a> <br><a href="http://www.hci.edu.sg/uploadfile/admission/9751_2018.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">H2 Geography&nbsp;syllabus</a></p><hr><p><strong>History</strong></p><p>In an era where national boundaries are fast disappearing in an increasingly globalised world, the need to understand the world around us has become more imperative. Towards this end, one key objective of the History Unit is to foster a keen interest among students in past and current affairs and understanding them with critical depth. Besides nurturing a passion for the subject, the Unit is also committed to developing critical thinking and analytical skills in our students. Students are encouraged to read widely and do independent research.</p><p>Under the Hwa Chong Integrated Humanities Framework, Years 1-2 constitute the Exploration phase where students offer both History and Geography. Upon Entering the Development Phase in Years 3-4, students may further develop their passion by offering History either as one of the Integrated Humanities Electives or HP History under the Humanities Programme @ High School. During the Consolidation phase of Years 5-6, students are expected to be independent learners within and outside the classroom. They are exposed to the rigours of the GCE 'A' Level curriculum which demands more in-depth and considered written responses.</p><p>In order to pursue our objectives, the Unit provides a myriad of opportunities for our students. Lectures are building blocks for knowledge acquisition while tutorials provide the platform for them to consolidate their knowledge and discuss issues. Students are also given opportunities to hone their examination techniques through term assignments, essay tests and examinations.</p><p>Of course, the subject is not just about tomes and the dreaded examinations. A wide spectrum of co-curricular activities is available to students to pursue their passion in the subject. These include the annual model UN Conferences and various competitions organised by local varsities such as the NUS Arts Quiz and NTU Current Affairs Quiz. Attending seminars on various topics of interest also help students stay in touch with the subject in the real world context. Volunteer opportunities in local museums are also open to our students.</p><p>In recent years, the Unit has taken students on overseas field trips to places of historical interest and significance. In 2005, students caught a glimpse of life after the fall of the Berlin Wall and end of the Cold War in a trip to Germany and Czech Republic. Last year, students visited the Cold War behemoth, the ex-Soviet Union in a whirlwind tour which took them to Moscow and St. Petersburg. More recently, History students visited the United States on an Integrated Humanities trip and caught a glimpse of what makes the world's remaining superpower tick. This year, we made our way to Vietnam and were marvelled at the strides this communist country has made since the introduction of reforms in the late 1980s and the resilience that Vietnamese people displayed during the Vietnam War.</p><p>So, what are you waiting for? Get in here for an exciting journey through time and space.</p><hr><p><strong>English Language/General Paper</strong></p><p>The goal of the English Language Programme at HCI is to develop independent thinkers who can see the connection between language study and its application to life. A holistic educational approach ensures that students are given the freedom to intellectually grasp these relationships and apply them to authentic tasks.</p><p>Adopting a multi-pronged approach, the Hwa Chong H1 General Paper curriculum comprises a broad variety of stimulating modules designed to develop all-round individuals.&nbsp; A theme-based reading and writing programme is offered at the College level, and the topics covered include the mass media, environment, science and technology, culture and tradition, politics and government, conflicts and violence, and citizenship in Singapore.</p><p>Knowledge &amp; Inquiry (KI) is a multi-disciplinary H2 A-Level subject that explores the different fields of knowledge and applies various modes of inquiry to a range of issues and ideas.&nbsp; The subject aims to develop students' ability to critically evaluate arguments and engage in independent research.&nbsp; Students can offer KI as a contrasting subject.&nbsp; As the 4th H2 subject, KI will be offered by students who are academically able to cope with 4 H2 subjects on top of other H1 subjects.&nbsp; KI is also taken in lieu of General Paper.&nbsp; In Hwa Chong, we are looking for bright students who are linguistically competent and have an inquiring mind.&nbsp; KI students are expected to read widely and they must be highly proficient in written English as well as independent learners.</p><p>Literature in English aims to develop in students an informed appreciation of literature and a love of reading. Students who read the subject would be equipped with literary skills to understand the nature and methods of literary study and analysis. The Literature in English programme in HCI, entails a rigorous study of the three main literary genres (Poetry, Prose, Drama), in-depth analysis of award-winning literary writers and their works, and an annual enrichment component.</p><p>H2 English Language and Linguistics (ELL) exposes students to a range of linguistic concepts and methods appropriate for the analysis and study of the English language, so as to understand the contexts in which the language operates, think about the issues and debates that surround its usage, and respond critically to them. Through the study of the English language, students will develop their competence as users of English. The H2 English Language and Linguistics (ELL) programme at HCI is seminar-styled, and focuses on mastering fundamental linguistic concepts before moving on to using these concepts to explore language issues related to wider societal concerns. Independent reading and essay writing are characteristic of the subject.</p><hr><p><strong>Project Work</strong></p><p>PW is a learning experience which aims to provide students with the opportunity to synthesise knowledge from various areas of learning, and critically and creatively apply it to real life situations. This process, which enhances students' knowledge and enables them to acquire skills like collaboration, communication and independent learning, prepares them for lifelong learning and the challenges ahead.</p><p>In summary, PW teaches students about:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>thinking</p></li><li><p>research</p></li><li><p>problem-solving</p></li><li><p>public presentation</p></li></ul><hr><p><strong>Chinese Language</strong></p><p>中国的改革开放带动了神州大地各行各业的蓬勃发展，市场经济的欣欣向荣，也带动了全球多个国家对中华语言文化的探讨与学习。在全球化的时代背景下，学习中华语言文化已不再仅仅是炎黄子孙的自家事，而是让我们“睁眼看世界”的一把钥匙。江水滔滔，势不可当，我们惟有奋起直追，才能免于落后。</p><p>在华中，我们一向注重栽培精通中英双语文双文化的人才。近年来，我们的毕业生也凭借着自身双语文双文化的优势，在公共服务、教育、文化、传播、商业、企业等领域表现杰出，为国家的长远发展做出贡献。</p><p>高中母语部就以此为目的，开设了语文特选课程、双文化课程、H2/H3华文与文学、H2中国通识、H1理解与写作与H1华文等以中文为媒介语的特别课程与学科。其中，我们的语文特选课程和双文化课程的目标就是为我国培养精通双语而且学贯中西的人才，进一步巩固与加强我国作为东西方文化枢纽的地位，并奠定国家长远的发展基础。</p><hr><p><strong>Art</strong></p><p>At Hwa Chong, the philosophy of art education is to encourage students to develop their creative identity. The Art Elective Programme (AEP) is offered to selected students demonstrating a talent for the Visual Arts and prepares them in art appreciation, theory of art (Theory) and in practice (Studio) over the span of two years.&nbsp; The course develops students not only for practical aspects of art production but also a theoretical and critical understanding of the context of its making. AEP Students will take H2 Art and H3 Art.</p><hr><p><strong>Humanities Programme</strong></p><p>As the first institution chosen by the Ministry of Education for the Humanities Scholarship Programme Hwa Chong has established and maintained its position as a leading centre for successful applications to top universities around the world.</p><p>Since the Programme’s inception in 1981 more than 300 alumni have graduated from Oxford and Cambridge alone, and in recent years an impressive record of admissions has been built up with the Ivy League institutions of the USA as well.</p><p>Undoubtedly, the source of this success lies with the Programme’s tutors who are not only unrivalled in their specialist subject skills but also in the university placement and scholarship advice that they have to offer.</p><hr><p><strong>Mathematics</strong></p><p>The Hwa Chong Mathematics Department sees the subject as an excellent means for the development of an individual's intellectual ability in logical reasoning, spatial visualisation, and abstract thought. It is our belief that a strong foundation in Mathematics is crucial to the development of not only a highly skilled but scientifically- and technologically- competent workforce that can meet the challenges of the 21st century. From Years 1 to 4, we focus on developing students’ critical and creative skills and their ability to communicate and reason mathematically, through the use of an inquiry based approach with ICT infusion. We also foster a conducive environment that provides students with opportunities to use Mathematics in solving real-world problems and doing in-depth research in projects. In moving learning beyond the classroom, we hope to instill in students the spirit of continual and inquiry learning and an appreciation of the beauty and value of mathematics.</p><hr><p><strong>Science</strong></p><p>The Hwa Chong Integrated Programme for Science is implemented across 6 years.&nbsp; Our integrated framework provides a dynamic learning environment for students with an aptitude and interest in Mathematics and Science.&nbsp; Special emphasis is placed on the mastery of fundamental knowledge and experimental skills.&nbsp; Our plan is to further integrate the Mathematics and Science disciplines to foster an appreciation of how they work together and form a whole.</p><p>In a tripartite collaboration with A*STAR and NTU, Hwa Chong also offers research electives based on the H3 module to encourage new and independent modes of learning and exploration.&nbsp; Each JC student is matched with a mentor depending on interest, and engages in collaborative research with leading scientists and researchers working on real-world scientific problems.</p><p>The aim of our Science programme is to broaden students' interests in Science by providing a stimulating environment that will enrich their basic Science training.&nbsp; Besides exposure to major advances in the life sciences and new technologies, students will be trained to think critically and independently.</p><hr><p><strong>Computing / Infocomm Studies</strong></p><p>H2 Computing is designed with a focus on the disciplinarity of the subject that largely evolves around problem solving and computational thinking. It serves to provide a foundation for further study in computing-related disciplines and fields involving computer technologies and applications.</p><p>As a subject in the curriculum, H2 Computing also creates opportunities for students to develop 21st Century competencies through the way students learn. These include focusing on computational thinking, project management skills, and an understanding of the ethical issues associated with the use of information communications technology.</p><p>Computing students are expected to participate in computing seminars and learning journeys as part of and an extension of their learning. These aim to provide students with the latest and exciting developments in the Information communications industry and computing fields, and seek to expand students’ learning and imagination about the possibilities in Computing.</p><hr><p><strong>Physical Education</strong></p><p><strong>Introduction</strong></p><p>The PE &amp; CCA Department aims to empower our young adults for the challenges ahead by providing a holistic education that encompasses health, social and mental wellbeing, engagement in lifelong learning, aesthetic appreciation, civic-mindedness and leadership development through its programs.</p><p><strong>Our programs serve to:</strong></p><p>1 . Enhance students' learning process and performance;<br>2 . Inculcate good values to our students through Character, Moral and Citizenship Education.<br>3 . Inspire the students to reach their full potential during the National School Games, Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation and Celebrations, as well as other Co-Curricular Activities and competitions.<br>4 . Promote healthy lifestyle and physical activity among students via the Sports For All Program.<br>5 . Promote Arts appreciation among students via the Arts For All Program.<br>6 . Inculcate the Olympic values of Friendship, Respect, and Excellence in all students.</p><p><strong>Programs</strong></p><p>a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; PE Programs</p><p>Students will be furnished with the knowledge and skills in fitness management, sports and games, and health management. These are achieved via activities like dance, badminton, basketball, floorball, golf, handball, netball, soccer, softball, squash, swimming, table tennis, tennis, ultimate frisbee, volleyball, and outdoor education etc. Students will be able to apply the skills they learnt when participating in various intra-school sports events.</p><p>b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Leadership and enrichment courses</p><p>The CCA committee will plan and organise various CCA leaders training program and enrichment courses&nbsp; to equip our students with relevant skills to be effective and resilient leaders.</p><p>c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intra school tournaments</p><p>The PE &amp; CCA Department seeks to provide all students with the opportunity to compete and excel in sports. Events such as Track and Field Meet, Sports Education Program, and the Festival of Sports (FOS) are held annually to meet the objectives of promoting healthy lifestyle activities and enhancing our&nbsp; Hwa Chong family spirit.</p><hr><p><strong>Literature in English</strong></p><p>With our seamless 6-year Integrated Programme, the Literature course in Hwa Chong covers 3 major phases: the Sec 1 &amp; 2 Exploration phase; Sec 3 &amp; 4 Development phase, and the JC1 &amp; 2 Consolidation phase.&nbsp; In each phase, students are exposed to a wide variety of texts, genre exposition, and diverse methodologies.</p><p>Adopting a differentiated approach to learning that goes beyond the classroom, the course provides students with opportunities to experience Literature through activities like symposiums, debates, mock conferences, field studies, project work, independent study and drama.&nbsp; Such activities not only expand students' horizons, but also help them look at issues from a broader perspective, apply knowledge, and contest the arbitrary divisions that separate subjects.</p><hr><p><strong>HIGHER 3 (H3) PROGRAMMES</strong></p><p>The revised JC curriculum introduces a set of subjects at H3 level to target the top 10% to 15% of the GCE A-level cohort of students each year who have exceptional interest and ability in a particular subject. The intention is to further stretch these students to achieve&nbsp;<u>peaks of excellence</u>&nbsp;within the context of a broad-based education. It also allows students to engage in different forms of learning and research work.</p><p>Thus, H3 subjects should be offered by students who are&nbsp;<strong>academically able</strong>&nbsp;to cope with additional subject(s) on top of their minimum subject requirement. The approach adopted by H3 subjects is one in which it is an extension of what is covered in H2 subject but in a more specialised area where students will be stretched further with substantial deep learning.</p><p><strong>Note</strong><br>1 . The&nbsp;<strong>maximum number of H3 subjects</strong>&nbsp;allowed is&nbsp;<strong><u>TWO</u></strong>. <br>2 . The&nbsp;<strong>total number of academic units</strong>&nbsp;offered by students (inclusive of H3 subjects)&nbsp;<u>cannot exceed 12.</u></p><p>Students can apply for H3 subjects offered by</p><p><strong>a. &nbsp;University-taught H3 programmes</strong>&nbsp;(NUS, NTU and SMU) <br><strong>b. &nbsp;Extended, in-depth research</strong>&nbsp;(SRP, NRP, NTU-A*STAR-HCI&nbsp;and&nbsp;HSSR)<br><strong>c.&nbsp; MOE-CAMBRIDGE H3,</strong>&nbsp;taught in-house in Hwa Chong Institution (HCI)</p><p><strong>(A) &nbsp; UNIVERSITY-TAUGHT H3 MODULE</strong></p><p><strong>1 . NUS H3 Programme</strong><br>NUS H3 modules is taught by NUS lecturers. These are regular NUS module which is pitched at undergraduate year one level. H3 students will be equally treated vis a vis all regular undergraduates in all assessment and in the marking (raw scores) of the assessment.&nbsp; Lessons are held in&nbsp;<u>Semester 1</u>&nbsp;(for JC2 H3 students) at NUS and examinations are held at the end of the semester.</p><p><strong>Period: January to April 2022 (Exam: 26 April 2023)</strong></p><p>Application starts from&nbsp;<strong><em>03 October 2022 to 4 November 2022 (noon</em></strong>). Selection is done by NUS and&nbsp;<strong><em>successful applicants will be notified by &nbsp;18 November 2022</em></strong>.</p><p>Selection is based on good JC1 overall results, at least 'B' grade in the respective H2 subjects.</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>No</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>NUS Module Title</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>NUS Course Code</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Subject Code</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Faculty</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Associated H2</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Geopolitics: Geographies of <br>War &amp; Peace</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>GEC1007</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>U501</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Arts &amp; Social Sciences (FASS)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>History or Geography</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>Please access the following:<br><a href="/files/nus_h3_programme_synopsis_sem_2_ay_2022_23_53a39e855d.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">NUS 2023 H3 Programme Synopses</a><br><a href="/files/nus_h3_programme_timetable_sem_2_ay_2022_23_a483190893.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Details of 2023 NUS H3 Timetable and Test/Exam Schedule</a></p><p><strong>Application Procedures for NUS H3 modules</strong><br>Please apply for admission via the&nbsp;<em><a href="https://myapplications.nus.edu.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">NUS Online Application Portal</a></em>. Submission of hardcopy documents and referee letters to NUS will no longer be required. Students are reminded to upload the necessary documents in their online applications in order for their application to be considered complete.</p><p>Kindly refer to the <a href="/files/userguide_for_local_ng_application_system_233fc435b4.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">user guide</a> for more details.</p><p><strong>2.&nbsp;NTU-Higher 3 (H3) Taught Modules</strong><br>NTU H3 Taught Modules are by NTU lecturers and customised for JC students who have a keen interest in Molecular Biology and Semiconductor Physics &amp; Devices. Assessment in these two modules are different from the undergraduate modules.&nbsp;Lessons for Molecular Biology will be held at Nanyang Technological University (NTU), while lessons for Semiconductor Physics &amp; Devices will be held at NTU, as well as the hosting JC, Hwa Chong Institution. Examinations for both subjects will be held at the end&nbsp;of semester 1.</p><p><strong>Period: January to May 2023</strong><br><strong>(Exam: Molecular Biology - 12 May 2023; Semiconductor Physics &amp; Devices - 12 May 2022)</strong></p><p>The application period for the 2022-run of NTU-H3 Taught Modules will open&nbsp;from&nbsp;<strong>3 October 2022</strong>&nbsp;to&nbsp;<strong>4 November 2022 (2359h)</strong>.</p><p>All applications for NTU-H3 Taught Modules will be via NTU’s e-application portal. Details of the application system is as appended. Selection is done by NTU and successful applicants will be notified on&nbsp;&nbsp;<strong>18 November 2022 through the JCs</strong>. It is based on good JC1 overall results with at least 'B' grade in the relevant H2 subjects.</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>No</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>NTU H3 Module Title</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Subject Code</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Hosting School</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Associated H2</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Molecular Biology</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>T101</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NTU</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Biology</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Semiconductor Physics &amp; Devices</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>T302</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NTU &amp; HCI</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Physics</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>The module overview for the NTU-H3 Taught Modules on offer in 2023 can be accessed here:&nbsp;<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.ntu.edu.sg/education/talent-outreach/h3-taught/application</a></p></li><li><p>Before applying for the NTU-H3 Taught Modules, you should go to&nbsp;<a href="https://www.ntu.edu.sg/education/talent-outreach/h3-taught/applications" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Applying for an NTU-H3 Taught Module</a>&nbsp;to watch the video and go through the relevant information to understand more about the NTU-H3 Taught Modules before you proceed with the application.</p></li><li><p>The online e-application portal can be accessed here:&nbsp;<strong><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://tinyurl.com/NTUH3-2023</a></strong></p></li></ul><hr><p><strong>3 . SMU H3 Game Theory Module</strong><br>This course provides an introduction to Game Theory. Game theory deals with decisions of conflict and cooperation between equally intelligent individuals. In such a context each party needs to take into account the decision that the other will take, before choosing the best plan of action.</p><p><strong>Period: January to April 2023 (Exam: 15 April 2023)</strong></p><p>The SMU Game Theory application period will open on&nbsp;<strong>3 October 2022 to 04 November 2022 (noon)</strong>. Please note that&nbsp;<strong>HCI’s internal deadline is</strong>&nbsp;<strong>04 November 2022, 10am @ College Reception</strong>.</p><p>Please access the following :</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="/files/smu_h3_application_form_2023_0862340015.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Application form 2023</a></p></li></ul><p><strong>(B)</strong>&nbsp;<strong>H3 Research Programme</strong></p><p>The following table shows the various modules offered for H3 research programme by NUS and NTU.</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>No</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Title</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Subject Code</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Faculty/Labs</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Period of course</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Associated H2 subjects</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NUS-MOE Science Research Programme (NUS-MOE SRP)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>U001</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>FOS</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Starts in JC1 Term 2 (March) and expect to complete research by JC2 Term 2 (April)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Math &amp; Science subject(s)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NUS-MOE Humanities&nbsp; and Social Sciences Research (NUS-MOE HSSR)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>U601</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>FASS</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Jan – May in JC2 (<strong>Requires an approximate 120 hours of independent research</strong>)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chinese Language and Literature, Economics, Geography, History, Literature in English, and Malay Language and Literature</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NTU-A*STAR-HCI H3 Science Research Programme</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>T050</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>A*STAR Labs</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Starts in JC1 Term 2 (March) and expect to complete research by JC2 Term 1 (April)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Science subject(s) and Math</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NTU-MOE Nanyang Research Programme (NTU-MOE NRP)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>T001</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NTU labs</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Starts in JC1 Term 2 (March) and expect to complete research by JC2 Term 2 (April)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Science subject(s) and Math</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>(C)&nbsp;MOE-CAMBRIDGE H3 Subjects</strong><br>These subjects are developed by MOE in collaboration with the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate, taught by HCI lecturers and examined by Cambridge International Examinations (CIE), UK. Students will sit for a written examination that includes the GCE A-level subject papers in the year-end written examination at the end of JC2. For students who are required to submit independent research essays, the final submission to SEAB is in early Term 4, 2023.&nbsp;</p><p>Online application (via ISP) starts on&nbsp;<strong>26 October 2022 to</strong>&nbsp;<strong>28 October 2022</strong>. Selection is done by HCI H3 Selection Committee and the eligibility list of students will be released via ISP by&nbsp;<strong>18</strong>&nbsp;<strong>November 2022 (12pm onwards)</strong>.</p><p><a href="https://www.seab.gov.sg/home/examinations/gce-a-level/a-level-syllabuses-examined-for-school-candidates-2022" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">GCE A-Level Syllabuses Examined in 2023: H3 Subjects (MOE-Cambridge)</a></p><p><strong>Note: All H3 lessons start in 2023 Term 1 Week 1 (from Monday</strong>&nbsp;<strong>09</strong>&nbsp;<strong>Jan 2023).</strong>&nbsp;<em>However, some of H3 subjects (for instance, H3 Biology) may have lessons in Nov 2022. You will be informed through the subject coordinators.</em></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>No</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>MOE-Cambridge <br>H3 subject</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Subject Code</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Associated MOE-Cambridge <br>H2 Subject</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Literature in English</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9805</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Literature in English</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Economics</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9809</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Economics</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chemistry</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9813</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chemistry</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Physics</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9914</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Physics</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>5</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Biology</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9816</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Biology</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>6</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Art</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9818</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Art</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mathematics</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9820</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mathematics</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>8</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Geography</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9822</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Geography</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>History</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9823</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>History</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>10</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chinese Language &amp; Literature</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9901</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chinese Language &amp; Literature</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>Selection Criteria for MOE-CAMBRIDGE H3 Subjects</strong></p><p>a.&nbsp;<strong>Mean Subject Grade (MSG) 2.8 or better for content based subjects</strong></p><p>MSG is calculated for all H1, H2 content based subjects after C1 Overall Results are released.&nbsp;<strong>Annex</strong>&nbsp;shows the scoring points system and the formula used in computing the MSG. This criterion ensures that only students of the right calibre are selected. Prospective H3 students must be able to cope well in all subjects that are offered.</p><p>b.&nbsp;<strong><em>Within top 20th percentile ranking for the intended subject at H2 level</em></strong></p><p><strong>Remarks</strong></p><p>Listed in the table below are the recommended number of H3 subjects that can be offered for the various subject combinations taken by JC2 students. The intent is to ensure that students are given ample time and space to pursue their interest and passion in one or more H3 subjects while developing themselves holistically in non-academic areas.</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Subject Combinations</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Recommended no. of H3 offered</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3 H2, 1 H1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Up to 2 H3</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4 H2 (no KI)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Up to 1 H3<br>Up to 2 H3 for H2 CLL students</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4 H2 (with KI)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Up to 2 H3</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4 H2 (with KI), 1 H1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Up to 1 H3</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>Students can appeal to read an MOE-Cambridge H3 subject if they do not meet the selection criteria. Decisions will be made on a case-by-case basis by HCI H3 Selection Committee. The student eligibility list for MOE-Cambridge H3 will be released on&nbsp;<strong>26 Oct 2022, 2pm</strong>&nbsp;via ISP. Students who are not eligible can make an appeal by submitting the appeal form through ISP from&nbsp;<strong>26 Oct 2022, 2pm to 28 Oct 2022, 12 noon</strong>.</p><p><strong>ANNEX</strong></p><p><strong>(A) Mean Subject Grade</strong><br>The grades of H1 and H2 subjects are assigned an equivalent point according to the table below:</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>H1/H2 Grade</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Equivalent Points</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>A</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>B</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>C</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>D</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>E</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>5</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>S</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>6</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>UNGRADED</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>(B) Computation of Points</strong></p><p>Mean Subject Grade&nbsp;is calculated based on the following formula:</p><p>2 (Sum of all H2 grades) + (Sum of all H1 content-based subject grades)<br>2(No. of H2 subjects) + (No. of H1 content subjects)</p><p><strong>Examples</strong></p><p>Student A takes 3 H2 and 1 H1 subjects.</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Mathematics<br>(H2)</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Physics<br>(H2)</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Chemistry<br>(H2)</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Economics<br>(H1)</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Grade</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>A</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>B</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>C</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>D</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Points</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>MSG =&nbsp;2(1+ 2+ 3) + 4&nbsp;= 2.29<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 2(3) + 1</p><p>Student B takes 4 H2 subjects.</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Mathematics<br>(H2)</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Physics<br>(H2)</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Chemistry<br>(H2)</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Economics<br>(H2)</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Grade</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>A</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>B</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>C</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>D</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Points</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>MSG = (1+ 2+ 3+ 4) / 4 = 2.5.</p><hr><p><strong>Assessment &amp; Promotion Criteria</strong></p><p><strong>Assessment Structures</strong></p><p>The table below shows the weighting and period of assessment:</p><p><em>Assessment weighting of JC1</em></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Type of assessment</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Continual Assessment</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Block Test</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Promotional Examination</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Weighting</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>0%</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>25%</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>75%</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Timeframe</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>ongoing</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Term 3&nbsp;Week 1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Term 4 Week 3-4</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><em>Assessment weighting of JC2 (only for 2019)</em></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Type of assessment</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Block Test</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Preliminary Examination</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Weighting</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>BT1&nbsp;- 0%;<br><br>BT2&nbsp;- 20%</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><br>80%</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Timeframe</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>BT1 -- Term 1 Week 10 &amp; Term 2 Week 1; <br>BT2 – Term 3 Weeks 1 &amp; 2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Term 3 Weeks 9 &amp; 10 to <br>Term 4 Week 1</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>Grading scheme</strong> <br>Grade Scheme for H1 and H2 content- based subjects</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Achievement Grades</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Mark Range</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Remarks</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>A</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>70 - 100</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Excellent</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>B</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>60&nbsp;- 69</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Very Good</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>C</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>55&nbsp;- 59</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Good</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>D</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>50&nbsp;- 54</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Satisfactory</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>E</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>45&nbsp;- 49</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Pass</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>S</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>40&nbsp;- 44</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Sub&nbsp;- pass</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>U</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>0&nbsp;- 39</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Ungraded</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>Grade Scheme for H3 subjects</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Achievement Grades</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Mark Range</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Remarks</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>D</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>70 - 100</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Distinction</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>M</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>55&nbsp;- 69</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Merit</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>P</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>45&nbsp;- 54</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Pass</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>U</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>0&nbsp;- 44</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Ungraded</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>Reporting</strong></p><p>There are 2 main methods of reporting student progress to parents:</p><p>1 . Through progress report in end March, mid year (both JC 1 and 2) and at the end of the school year (for JC1). Aformal transcript for JC2 students will be issued after the school's Preliminary examination in October. <br>2 . Through Parent' teacher meeting.</p><p><em>Reporting Timetable</em>&nbsp;is as follows:</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Month</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Types of Report</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>April</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Progress Report for JC1 and JC2</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>End July</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mid Year Report for JC1 and JC2</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Oct</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Prelim Exam Report for JC2</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Early Nov</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Overall Report for JC1</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><em>April, July and Nov student reports are forwarded to parents/guardians by post but the Prelim Exam Report for JC2 will be handed to the student on the last day of school.</em></p><p><strong>Absence from assessments</strong> <br>All students who miss any major internal examinations must be covered by&nbsp;<strong>a medical certificate (MC)</strong>&nbsp;or be given&nbsp;<strong>exemption by DP / Studies with valid reason(s) (EX/VR)</strong>.</p><p><strong>Exemption from Block Tests/ Examinations</strong></p><p>The following reasons may be considered&nbsp;<strong>valid</strong>&nbsp;for exemption.</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Reason</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Remarks</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>(i) Competition and Performance<br><br>(National &amp; International Level)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Teacher-in-charge must apply on behalf of students.&nbsp; The application form for exemption must be submitted to College Exams Committee for approval&nbsp;<u>2 weeks</u>&nbsp;before the commencement of Block Test or examinations.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>(ii) Medical Grounds</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Students must submit their medical certificates (MC) to their Civics Tutors immediately upon return to college.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>(iii) Compassionate Grounds<br><br>(e.g. death of NOK)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Students should inform their Civics Tutors as soon as possible and submit the relevant documents upon return to college.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>Students who are absent from Block tests with valid reasons&nbsp;<u>are required to attempt the paper as an exercise</u>&nbsp;and submit to teachers for grading. The marks will not be counted towards the final grade.</p><p>Students who absent without a valid reason will be given&nbsp;<strong>zero</strong>&nbsp;mark for that paper followed by disciplinary actions.</p><p><strong>Promotional Criteria for JC1</strong></p><p>Students will be promoted to JC 2 if they meet the following&nbsp;<strong><em>minimum criteria</em></strong>&nbsp;based on the Overall JC1 results:-</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Two H2 pass (E-grade)</p></li></ul><p>OR</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>One H2 pass (E-grade) and two H2 sub-pass (S-grade)</p></li></ul><p><strong><em>Note:</em></strong> <br><em>(i)&nbsp; A H1 content subject pass (A to E grade) is equivalent to a H2 sub-pass (S-grade)</em><br><em>(ii) A General Paper pass (A to E grade) is also equivalent to a H2 sub-pass (S-grade)</em></p><p><strong>Criteria to continue taking the expanded curriculum</strong>&nbsp; <br>(i.e. more than 3 H2 and 1 H1 subjects [10 academic units])</p><p>Students are allowed to offer the expanded curriculum in JC 2 provided the following minimum criteria, based on the overall JC1 results, are met. Otherwise, they will have to abide by the corresponding actions recommended.</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>No</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Curriculum taken in JC 1</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Minimum criteria</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Action recommended if criteria are not met</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Recommended curriculum in JC 2</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4 H2 + 1 H1 <br>(12 units)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Pass in three H2 subjects</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Drop one non-contrasting subject.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4 H2 (11 units) or&nbsp;&nbsp; 3 H2 + 1 H1&nbsp; (10 units)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4 H2&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>(11 units)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Pass in three H2 subjects</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Down-grade one H2 subject to H1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3 H2 + 1 H1&nbsp; (10 units)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>&nbsp;</p>